=== 0.1.5 / 2012-12-7

* gh-7: Receiver now uses non-blocking socket for receiving data.  Fixes
  receiving data on Linux, which stopped working at 0.1.0.

=== 0.1.4 / 2012-12-06

=== Bug Fixes:

* gh-5: If Receiver#start wasn't given a block, it wouldn't write to the capture
  file.

=== 0.1.3 / 2012-11-21

==== Improvements:

* RTP::Receiver#start now also yields the timestamp from the packet as received
  on the socket.

=== 0.1.2 / 2012-11-20

==== Bug Fixes:

* Undid changes from 0.1.1 and removed claims for JRuby and Rubinius support.
  The changes from 0.1.1 were incomplete for actually supporting those rubies
  and I don't want to spend the time right now learning how to fix that correctly.

=== 0.1.1 / 2012-11-20

==== Bug Fixes:

* RTP::Receiver#init_socket now uses #recv instead of #recvmsg for JRuby compat.

=== 0.1.0 / 2012-11-20

Lots of big changes this release!  Only a minor bump though, since I'm assuming
that I'm about the only one using this at this point and I'm not going to mess
anyone else up by making these changes.  This is how the initial release should
have been.

==== New features:

* RTP::Receiver#start (used to be #run--see below) now takes an optional block
  that will yield a parsed RTP::Packet.  This allows for inspecting packets
  as they come in.  If a block is given, no data will be written to the capture
  file, so as to conserve I/O.
* Added ability to receive on multicast sockets.  To do so, just set the
  :ip_address option on init to the multicast address you want to use.
* Turned logging off by default.  To turn on, just do <tt>RTP::Logger = true</tt>.
* Updated RTP::Logger to use log_switch 0.4.0's log_class_name feature.
* Setting RTP::Receiver#rtp_port will now set #rtcp_port.  There's no
  functionality behind the #rtcp_port yet; just a numerical placeholder, really.
* Use Kernel#at_exit to make sure capture files get closed and deleted.

==== Refactorings:

* RTP::Receiver.new now takes an options Hash instead of a bunch of params.
* Merged RTP::Receiver#run and RTP::Receiver#start_listener into
  RTP::Receiver#start.  There wasn't any benefit of having them separate.
* Removed all packet sorting provisions--pretty sure this shouldn't happen at
  this level.  This means RTP::Receiver#write_buffer_to_file is gone.
* Added a @packets Queue, dedicated to writing packets out to the capture file.
  Besides getting out of the way of the receiving I/O, this also abstracts away
  the writing to file logic from the receiving and parsing logic.  In a related
  manner...
* #strip_headers is an RTP::Receiver accessor now, so you can set
  this to true if you only want to capture/yield the RTP payload.
* RTP::Receiver#init_server is now RTP::Receiver#init_socket.
* Removed port retrying for RTP::Receiver; if the port requested for use by the
  Receiver is in use, I don't think it should be the role of the Receiver to try
  to keep trying--you asked for port X--if it's not available, you should be
  told so.  Thus, users of Receivers should now implement this if they so desire.
* RTP::Receiver users are no longer required to tell the object what type of
  IP addressing to use--this is now inferred from the IP address given to use.
  Default is set to 0.0.0.0; if an address in the range 224.0.0.0 -
  239.255.255.255 is given, multicasat settings are assumed.

=== 0.0.1 / 2012-03-02

* Initial release.

