= rtp

http://github.com/turboladen/rtp

== DESCRIPTION

This is a RTP library that provides the most basic features of the Real-Time
Transport Protocol (RTP, {RFC 3550}[http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3550]).  While
the protocol allows for extensions that define new ways for transporting encoded
audio/video, this library doesn't yet deal with any specific media types.  My
current goal is simply for transporting a single RTP stream of data and allowing
you to inspect its packets.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS

Features:

* Receive a single RTP stream over UDP or TCP, unicast or multicast
* Parse RTP packet headers
* Inspect packets on the fly

Future goals will include:

* RTCP
* Multiplexed sessions
* Decoding of basic audio/video codec headers
* Decoding of some popular A/V extension headers (h.264, et al.)
* An easy way to hand over your data to an app that will decode your A/V stream(s)
* Sending an RTP stream

== SYNOPSIS

=== Streaming to file

With its default settings, an {RTP::Receiver} will open a UDP socket on port 6790,
within a Thread, on 0.0.0.0 and capture the data it receives to a file.

  receiver = RTP::Receiver.new      # Uses a Tempfile by default
  receiver.rtp_port                 # => 6790
  receiver.transport_protocol       # => :UDP
  receiver.multicast?               # => false
  receiver.unicast?                 # => true
  receiver.start
  sleep 5
  receiver.stop
  receiver.capture_file.size        # => 20040

To init a Receiver with some other options...

  options = {
    rtp_port: 9000,
    transport_protocol: :TCP,
    ip_address: '239.255.255.251',  # Multicast!
    strip_headers: true,            # Strips RTP headers before writing to file
    capture_file: File.new('data.rtp', 'wb')
  }
  receiver = RTP::Receiver.new(options)
  receiver.start
  sleep 5
  receiver.stop
  receiver.capture_file.size        # => 18848

=== Packet inspecting

To inspect (and do what you like with) packets as they come in...

  receiver = RTP::Receiver.new
  receiver.start do |packet|
    puts "Sequence number: #{packet['sequence_number']}"  # => Sequence number: 2931830
  end
  sleep 5
  receiver.stop
  receiver.capture_file.size        # => 0

Notice how no data was written to file when the block was passed to +#start+.  The
idea there is to save on I/O; if you're inspecting packets, it's not fair to
assume you want to save the data to a file.  If you do, however, in that case,
you can simply do so within the block.

== REQUIREMENTS

* (Tested) Rubies
  * 1.9.2
  * 1.9.3
  * JRuby 1.9 mode
  * Rubinius 1.9 mode
* RubyGems:
  * bindata
  * log_switch

== INSTALL

  $ gem install rtp

== DEVELOPERS

After checking out the source, run:

  $ bundle install

This task will install any missing dependencies for you.

